# What we could write about, or have alot of specific knowledge on...

I'm not sure of any one thing that I have very specific knowledge on at this point in life. I supposed I could explain in great detail how to make a certain recipe or item of food. I could write a training manual for kitchen expeditors. But none of those really seem to be lengthy explanations that would take multiple sets of explanation to form an entire lengthy blog to sustain a person for a while. It would be more of a one and done sort of deal. I grew up doing odds and ends things in my grandparents farm and home store, so I never learned or mastered one skill. It was always something new each day, wherever the help was needed. They closed the business when I was eleven, so it was not like I was old enough to be significant help in more technical aspects of the business. I could explain how to play the trumpet, but I am unsure how much relevant information you could produce without being redundant. Between my grandparents business, band, and running service organizations for my high school, I never really focused on specific things that I know a lot about because I just skipped around to what needed to be done. 
I could tell you of the location of the family business, the history of the store, the fight with the city, the goals of the business, the community thought and feeling, what types of things we sold and services we offered. I could tell you the weather of the town its in, the businesses surrounding ours, the companies we bought from, the employees that made an impact. I could tell you favorite memories and impactful moments from the store towards my life. I could tell you the owners stories, how they came to open the store. I could tell you about where the ceiling leaks, where we stored the boots, fixed the lawnmowers, tried  on clothes, and stored the house wares. I could tell you where the price tag printer was in my grandpas office, the survelliance tv was, I could tell you about the old invoice printer in my moms offices and its cranky sounds as it printed on the perforated whole punch sided paper. I could tell you where to find the colored paper, and the bright sticker dots I shouldnt have been getting into. And I could tell you of the location of the large paper slicer that almost took my finger on far more occasions than I would like to recall. I could tell you all about the secretary that ate dried apricots and fresh plums, who was sweet and treated my siblings and I as her own kids. And about the time she pulled a staple out of my finger  many years after she had done the same for my older sister. I could tell you of the stair well leading up the offices, and the hollow wooden door underneath. About the time I fell asleep on the stairs, and the time I was kicked down the stairs on accident due to heavy plastic flap sheeting in front of the stair case, which later got removed. I could tell you about how my cousin Melissa opened that hollow wooden door just in time to catch my flalling body from tumbling down the stairs onto the hard concrete floor. I could tell you about how my sister and I used to go around and "fire" employees at the age of four because we would walk around the store as "bosses" and fire those who we felt were not working to the best of their ability. I could tell you about how I learned my drive and work ethic from growing up and helping in the family business. About hard work, preserverance, and dedication. I could tell you about how I learned to count money was by helping grandma check out the cash registers every night. And how she did pay roll every week. I could tell you about the dos and donts of 5 hour sales, and the best ways to feed a mulitude of employees when business is booming. I could tell you about when and why the business closed, and the heartache it brought not only for the family, but for the community too. I could tell you that we never used register 3, the lawnmower service area was a wreck, the back loading dock was a place favored by smoking employees. I could tell you dressing room 3 was favored by most because it was significantly larger than room 1 or 2. I could tell you about the lift and how it was fun to ride on, and how the walk way for displays was a little scary. I could tell you that the back clothing section counter always smelled of ink because of the stamps we placed on all the items. I could tell you why we had a handful on tangled wigs in the bottom right drawer of the clothing counter. 
